---
layout: single
title:  "Reply All"
tag: news
image: replyall
author_profile: true
author: PJ and Alex
---

EDIT: Since writting this post, news has come out about the toxic work environmnet created at Gimlet Media. This culture of abuse and exclusion of diverse group was heavily contributed to by one of the hosts (PJ Vogt) and a senior producer (Sruthi Pinnamenani) of the show. I no longer can recomend this show to listeners as this behavior is replusive and unacceptable.  I have stopped listening and subscribing to Reply All and all Gimlet Media podcasts.

~~If I’m being honest, I didn’t think I would write a post about Reply All when I started this blog. Why? Its my favorite podcast, I didn’t think what I could say about it would do the show justice. However, a global pandemic hit, my motivation for doing any side projects tanked, and I needed a reason to write another post. There is no better reason than to share something you love with the world, so I give you my excitement about Reply All.~~

~~Reply All advertises itself as “A show about the internet,” which after listening to every episode, only seems to encompass half of the show’s stories. They feature stories about COMPSTAT and how it shaped law enforcement in New York City, discuss the Democratic Party in Alabama and how racial tension threatens to tear the organization apart, explore election fraud in a California high school, and hunt down a song that mysteriously disappeared from the internet.~~

~~This podcast would not be what it was without the hosts, PJ Vogt and Alex Goldman. Their bond is palpable, excitement for the stories infectious, and ability to tell a good story undeniable.~~

~~If you want to start listening to the show, you can check out my list of favorite episodes below. Alternatively, you can visit their getting started page for starter episodes: [Get start with Reply All](https://gimletmedia.com/shows/reply-all/posts/getting-started)~~
